dekanat/model/requests/select/GroupsSelect.java
 dekanat.model.requests.select.GroupsSelect
dekanat/architecture/BaseViewController.java
 dekanat.architecture.BaseViewController
dekanat/resources/StringRes.java
 dekanat.resources.StringRes
dekanat/model/requests/delete/GroupsDelete.java
 dekanat.model.requests.delete.GroupsDelete
dekanat/model/db/Marks.java
 dekanat.model.db.Marks
dekanat/model/db/Subjects.java
 dekanat.model.db.Subjects
dekanat/utils/DBHelper.java
 dekanat.utils.DBHelper
dekanat/model/requests/delete/PeopleDelete.java
 dekanat.model.requests.delete.PeopleDelete
dekanat/model/requests/select/MarksSelect.java
 dekanat.model.requests.select.MarksSelect
dekanat/resources/WindowConstants.java
 dekanat.resources.WindowConstants
dekanat/model/requests/delete/Deletable.java
 dekanat.model.requests.delete.Deletable
dekanat/resources/LayoutRes.java
 dekanat.resources.LayoutRes
dekanat/model/db/People.java
 dekanat.model.db.People
dekanat/model/requests/select/PeopleSelect.java
 dekanat.model.requests.select.PeopleSelect
dekanat/app/MainApp.java
 dekanat.app.MainApp
dekanat/model/requests/delete/MarksDelete.java
 dekanat.model.requests.delete.MarksDelete
dekanat/model/requests/select/SubjectSelect.java
 dekanat.model.requests.select.SubjectSelect
dekanat/model/requests/select/Selectable.java
 dekanat.model.requests.select.Selectable
dekanat/model/db/Groups.java
 dekanat.model.db.Groups
dekanat/model/requests/delete/SubjectsDelete.java
 dekanat.model.requests.delete.SubjectsDelete
dekanat/controllers/tab/people/PeoplePresenter.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.people.PeoplePresenter
dekanat/controllers/tab/groups/GroupsPresenter.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.groups.GroupsPresenter
dekanat/controllers/tab/subjects/SubjectsPresenter.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.subjects.SubjectsPresenter
dekanat/architecture/BaseTabViewPresenter.java
 dekanat.architecture.BaseTabViewPresenter
dekanat/controllers/tab/marks/MarksPresenter.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.marks.MarksPresenter
dekanat/architecture/BaseTabViewController.java
 dekanat.architecture.BaseTabViewController
dekanat/controllers/TableViewController.java
 dekanat.controllers.TableViewController
dekanat/model/holder/GroupTabHolder.java
 dekanat.model.holder.GroupTabHolder
dekanat/controllers/tab/marks/MarksController.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.marks.MarksController
dekanat/controllers/tab/people/PeopleController.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.people.PeopleController
dekanat/model/holder/PeopleTabHolder.java
 dekanat.model.holder.PeopleTabHolder
dekanat/model/holder/SubjectsTabHolder.java
 dekanat.model.holder.SubjectsTabHolder
dekanat/controllers/tab/groups/GroupsController.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.groups.GroupsController
dekanat/model/holder/MarksTabHolder.java
 dekanat.model.holder.MarksTabHolder
dekanat/controllers/tab/subjects/SubjectsController.java
 dekanat.controllers.tab.subjects.SubjectsController
dekanat/model/BaseTabHolder.java
 dekanat.model.BaseTabHolder
 dekanat.model.BaseTabHolder$TabType
